Okay now we have 3 router in the topology,
in this video, we will configure eigrp so pc 1, pc 2 and pc 3 will able to communicate each others.
Remember that the concept of dynamic routing
is each router must advertise their connected network.
In the router 2, we add new ip address in fa1/0,
so absolutely router 2 have new connected network.
So in the router 2, we must add new configuration,
which is advertise the new network to eigrp.
In router 1, we don’t add an ip address,
so we don’t have new connected network here,
so we don’t need to add new configuration
on router 1.
In router 3 we don’t configure eigrp yet,
so absolutely we need to add new configuration here.
So now we need to add new configuration on
router 2 and router 3.
Let’s start with router 2.
Go to router eigrp 10, and then advertise
the new network, which is 10.20.20.0, so network
10.20.20.0.
Okay now we have done on router 2, next let’s
configure on router 3.
Here we will advertise 2 network, which is
10.20.20.0 and 192.168.3.0,
Router eigrp 10, network 10.20.20.0 and network
192.168.3.0.
Okay now we have done! let’s check the neighbor,
do show ip eigrp neighbor.
Here we can see that router 3 have 1 neighbor,
which is router 2.
So now the eigrp between router 2 and router 3
is already up.
Let’s check the routing table, do show ip
route, here we can see that router 3 automatically
have route to 192.168.1.0 which is the network
of pc 1 and 192.168.2.0 which is the network of pc 2.
Let’s also check on router 1, enable, show
ip route.
Here we can see that now in router 1 automatically
have route to pc 3, which is 192.168.3.0/24.
Now pc 1, pc 2, and pc 3 should be able to communicate
each others.
Let’s try it.
Let’s test from pc 1 to pc 3, failed, test
again, and here success.
Let’s test from pc 2 to pc 3, okay here the
result is also success.
Okay so now we have done configuring eigrp,
so all pc can communicate each others.
I think enough for this video
Thankyou for watching and see you on the next video.